Add info about dx-viewport (#669)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/60 Themes and Styles/05 Predefined Themes/50 Apply a Theme.md

Do the following to apply a theme:

- **jQuery**   

> Include `dx.common.css` and a theme stylesheet in the `<head>` tag on your index page. You can use [local files](/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/#Local_Files) or get the stylesheets [from CDN](/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/#CDN_Files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include `dx.common.css` and a theme stylesheet in the index page's `<head>` tag. You can use [local files](/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/#Local_Files) or get the stylesheets [from CDN](/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/#CDN_Files).
```

- **Angular, React, Vue**    

> Configure the module bundler you are using and import `dx.common.css` and a theme stylesheet. See the following instructions: [Angular](/concepts/40%20Angular%20Components/10%20Getting%20Started/03%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20an%20Angular%20CLI%20Application/03%20Configure%20Stylesheets.md '/Documentation/Guide/Angular_Components/Getting_Started/Add_DevExtreme_to_an_Angular_CLI_Application/#Configure_Stylesheets'), [React](/concepts/50%20React%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20React%20Application/40%20Import%20Stylesheets.md '/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_React_Application/#Import_Stylesheets'), [Vue](/concepts/55%20Vue%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20Vue%20Application/40%20Import%20Stylesheets.md '/Documentation/Guide/Vue_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_Vue_Application/#Import_Stylesheets').

Reviewer: Let's avoid the "using" gerund. Can we say:
Configure the current module bundler, and import `dx.common.css` and a theme stylesheet.

Author: ```suggestion
Configure the module bundler you use and import `dx.common.css` and a theme stylesheet. See the following instructions: [Angular](/concepts/40%20Angular%20Components/10%20Getting%20Started/03%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20an%20Angular%20CLI%20Application/03%20Configure%20Stylesheets.md '/Documentation/Guide/Angular_Components/Getting_Started/Add_DevExtreme_to_an_Angular_CLI_Application/#Configure_Stylesheets'), [React](/concepts/50%20React%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20React%20Application/40%20Import%20Stylesheets.md '/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_React_Application/#Import_Stylesheets'), [Vue](/concepts/55%20Vue%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20Vue%20Application/40%20Import%20Stylesheets.md '/Documentation/Guide/Vue_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_Vue_Application/#Import_Stylesheets').
```

Reviewer: For the first sentence, let's add a comma:
Configure the module bundler you use, and import `dx.common.css` and a theme stylesheet.

2. Open the DevExtremeBundleConfig.cs file

> 3. Find the following code and replace `dx.light.css` in it with the theme stylesheet of your choice:

Reviewer: Change to:
```suggestion
3. Find the following code and replace `dx.light.css` with the desired theme stylesheet:
```

            <!-- tab: DevExtremeBundleConfig.cs -->
            styleBundle
                .Include("~/Content/dx.common.css")
                .Include("~/Content/dx.light.css");

> 4. Open the Views/Shared/_Layout.cshtml file and add the `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>`. This ensures that theme colors and typography settings are applied to all elements on the page, not only to DevExtreme widgets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Open the Views/Shared/_Layout.cshtml file and add the `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>` tag. This ensures that theme colors and typography settings are applied to all elements on the page, not only to DevExtreme widgets.
```

> 4. Open the Views/Shared/_Layout.cshtml file and add the `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>` tag. This ensures that theme colors and typography settings are applied to all elements on the page, not only to DevExtreme widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open the Views/Shared/_Layout.cshtml file and add the `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>` tag. This ensures that theme colors and typography settings are applied to all page elements (and not only to DevExtreme widgets).
```

            <!-- tab: _Layout.cshtml -->
            <body style="padding-top: 5rem;" class="dx-viewport">
                <!-- ... -->
            </body>

- **ASP.NET Core**      

1. Go to the Views/Shared folder (for conventional Razor views) or Pages folder (for Razor Pages).

> 2. Open the _Layout.cshtml or _DevExtremeLayout.cshtml file (depending on which of them is used in the _ViewStart.cshtml file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the _Layout.cshtml or _DevExtremeLayout.cshtml file (depending on which file is used in _ViewStart.cshtml).
```

> 3. Find the following line and replace `dx.light.css` in it with the theme stylesheet of your choice:

Reviewer: Change to:
```suggestion
3. Find the following line and replace `dx.light.css` with the desired theme stylesheet:
```

            <!-- tab: _Layout.cshtml -->
            <link href="~/lib/devextreme/css/dx.light.css" rel="stylesheet">

> 4. Add the `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>`. This ensures that theme colors and typography settings are applied to all elements on the page, not only to DevExtreme widgets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Add the `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>` tag. This ensures that theme colors and typography settings are applied to all elements on the page, not only to DevExtreme widgets.
```

> 4. Add the `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>` tag. This ensures that theme colors and typography settings are applied to all elements on the page, not only to DevExtreme widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add the `dx-viewport` class to the `<body>` tag. This ensures that theme colors and typography settings are applied to all page elements (and not only to DevExtreme widgets).
```
